# Deployment

## Introduction
For this last interactive part the challenge would be to deploy a small project
with the help of Docker. The goal being to demonstrate the ease of not having to
configure the server since the custom image for the development environment and
the deployment environment are one and the same.


## Plan
As the last "learning part" the plan is to teach how you can deploy any type of
application with Docker and how it makes the setup an easier task. For that the
attendees should quickly develop a small app with the help of their newly 
created development environment. Then the best would be to have both a manual
deployment on a local server or machine.

Of course there are other and more automated way but those should be discovered
by the attendees if they like the ops side of things, a topic for another
workshop perhaps.


## Deploy
As mentioned before, the deployment will be done on a local machine or server.
The goal is to make clear how easy it is to deploy ones you have the same setup,
environment for the development and deployment.

### Service
As for the service approach I suggest using Heroku as it is a very simple to
setup process. Although, knowing that the goal is to show the possibility does
not matter what you use as long as you give an example.


## Exercises

```
## Deploy your app on a server or local machine.

```


## Play time
The attendees should have finished the exercises a while before the deployment
part. In fact, if they haven't finished it before half an hour you should let
them start and play around. The goal is for them to create their own environment
of development for the technology they want as they will need it during the next
part.

The attendees that are done first should help the others as it's not always easy
to customize an environment.

---
[Home](../README.md) :
[previous](../Development/README.md) -
[next](../Conclusion/README.md)
